 Buy and eat food from a halal cart. 15 points
 Take a picture with a stranger. 10 points
 Go to a physical McDonald's and buy an Ice Cream Cone. If machine broke, Veto this card. 10 points
 On your own feet, go exactly one mile in one direction. 25 points
 Forced: Take a picture at one of the following (picked from a set of three): Empire State Building, The Vessel, Rockefeller rink, WTC Memorial, Cyclone, Corona Park World Fair Globe, Columbus Circle, The Charging Bull, DUMBO Carousel, PepsiCola Sign at Gantry State   Park, Frederick Douglass Sculpture, Grand Central, Penn Station, Intrepid, Airport. 20 points
 Find a street performer of any kind. 15 points
 Walk two hundred feet one-way over any body of water. 20 points
 Ride the sky rail to or away from Roosevelt Island. 40 points
 Eat a New York slice. 10 points
 Make a word using the MTA, MUST BE CONSECUTIVE AND AT LEAST THREE LETTERS LONG, numbered trains can be used as intermediary (will not count towards word). 30 points
 Find an Arizona iced tea. 5 points
 Take a picture of the skyline (must be in another borough taking a picture of Manhattan). 20 points
 Visit the founder of Nathan’s (Hot Dog Chain) gravestone. 30 points
 Take the nearest bus one stop. 15 points
 Visit Tech and Rockys. 30 points
 Go to any public bathroom. 15 points
 Take a picture of a Costco. 25 points
 Take a selfie with New Jersey in the background. 15 points
 Ask for detailed directions to a location of your choice. 5 points
 Take a picture of any mural. 10 points
 Take an elevated line. ie. anything that is above ground. 10 points
 Go to a final stop on the MTA. S TRAIN TERMINAL DOES NOT COUNT. 30 points
 Touch grass. Must be grass. No flowers. Not smokable. ONLY GRASS. 10 points
 Take a picture of a rat. 20 points
 Touch a body of water visible on Google Maps. 20 points
 Take a picture at a precinct. 15 points
 Take a picture of at least 3 pigeons. 15 points
 Obtain a feather. 20 points
 Visit a church. 10 points
 Get a Cylinder, Sphere/Ovular shape, Cube, Pyramid, and Cone. 20 points
 Play an arcade game. 10 points
 Touch a group of seekers. 55 points.
 Take a picture of a group of seekers. 15 points
 Visit someone’s house. 15 points
 Drink hot sauce. 10 points
 Chug at least five hundred ml of any liquid. 5 points
 On your own feet, go across Central Park TWICE on TWO DIFFERENT roads. NO OVERLAPS ALLOWED 50 points
 Visit any anime/comic related place. 15 points
 Find a non-bank atm. 5 points
 Find a funny number. 10 points
 Cursed: Tell everyone which train you will get on next before getting in the station. 15 points
 Cursed: Take the next train you can physically get to. You must travel at least three stops.
 Cursed: Stay at a NYPL for ten minutes. 20 points
 Cursed: No access to phone for information until you are caught. 20 points
 Blessed: Seekers must stop for 2 minutes.
 Blessed: 4 free stops on a local train.
 Go inside of a fabric store. 10 points
 Find a plastic straw. 10 points
 Solve today’s crossword or Sudoku. You are not allowed to move until it is completed. 25 points
 Mimic a statue for two minutes. 20 points
 Buy Street food/drinks from a cart. 15 points
 Get a snack that your partner would buy themselves. They are not allowed to give any indication of what they would buy. If they would not buy it, this challenge is vetoed. 15 points
 Draw a caricature. 10 points
 Find someone from tech thats not in the game. 25 points
 Solve today’s wordle. 20 points
 Cursed: LOSE ALL YOUR POINTS YOU RAT BASTARD